# YT advertising system
The concept of the program was to help one of my tutors I work with to advertise his service as an English teacher and grow his audience. Initially, our goal was to find channels meeting our requirements, select the most recent video and drop a comment to advertise the service and encourage content creators to collaborate. At the beginning, we created one comment, which was posted by the program multiple times. Everything went pretty well, but the content started repeating itself, which made YT algorithms alert, and it stopped allowing further comments. They were removed either immediately after they were posted or within a couple of minutes afterwards. As another refinement, we introduced a pool of comments, where there were a few patterns. The approval rate has increased drastically, but it didn't take long for the enhanced system to stop working as expected - at some point, comments started to repeat and most of them were gone. We came to the conclusion we need to introduce some variety and harness available AI Tools. The goal was to delegate the tedious task of coming up with new comments to one of them. The only requirement we had was that the conveyed message must stay the same and the name of the service must be mentioned. For that purpose I employed API offered by OpenAPI and built ChatGPT into the program. The tool seems to excel in paraphrasing any content, after receving a simple prompt - however, it's the eraly days and the test are still going on. My motivation is to extend the project.
